You are feeling like some girls they
have it and some they don't and you are
the one who just doesn't have it in her.
My dear queen, fix your crown and
listen. Hi guys, welcome back to my
channel. My name is Michaela and today
we are talking about 10 micro habits
that you can do daily in order to feel
instantly more feminine. Let's get into
this. First of all, in order to be more
feminine, you actually don't have to do
more, to give more, to change who you
are and how you are. But sometimes some
subtle shifts in your daily can help to
make you feel more feminine, make you
feel more soft. And I'm giving you 10
suggestions. You can try them out. And
if it makes you feel more feminine, do
it more often. In order to be more
feminine, you have to work on feeling
more feminine first. Now, in order to
feel more feminine, there is not
something set in stone where you have to
do it that way and any other way is not
working. No, you have to learn your way
of feeling more feminine. If you tell me
now you don't feel feminine with short
hair, don't cut your hair short. But me,
for example, I don't feel very feminine
with long hair. I think it suits me way
better short and I feel way more
comfortable, which makes me feel more
feminine. So, all in all, the 10 habits
that I give you today are suggestions.
But if it doesn't make you feel soft, if
it doesn't make you feel feminine, these
habits are in vain. It's not going to
help you if you don't work on your
inside. It's not going to help you to
change how you look. If you don't feel
feminine from the inside, now let's get
into this. The first habit I want to
talk about is your posture. In order to
feel more feminine, you have to have a
posture of receiving. You open your
shoulders. You not push out your chest,
but you have an open posture. For
example, if I'm sitting now in a way of
openness, it gives me a feeling of
confidence. It gives me instantly a
feeling of I am ready to receive like I
am a queen. Please bring me my
blessings. But if I'm starting now to
slouch and sit like this, I don't feel
good. I don't feel feminine and I don't
feel like I want to see anyone or anyone
want to see me. It doesn't make me feel
good. So to feel feminine for me it's
very important to have an open posture a
receiving posture which just makes me
feel good and more comfortable and also
it makes other people around me feel
more comfortable makes other people
perceive me more feminine because I am
confident in my body and I am showing
hey I am here like I'm taking space in
the room or on the table or wherever.
Wherever I am, I am taking up space,
which is a very feminine adjective. It's
a very feminine way of being when you
take up space in a soft way. The second
habit that you can do and change daily
that makes you feel instantly more
feminine is how you sit with your legs.
If you sit with your legs crossed or
minimum together, it makes you feel more
soft. It makes you feel more like a
queen. If I'm sitting now with my legs
wide open, for me, it
doesn't make me feel feminine. It
doesn't look very feminine. And also, I
don't feel comfortable when I'm sitting
with my legs open. I have way more
tendencies to move my upper body in
weird ways. I feel like when I'm already
having my legs crossed or minimum
together, I'm not having such a big
range of how and where I can move my
upper body. And it just instantly makes
me move more feminine. I cannot move
that abruptly. I cannot move that
aggressively when my legs are together.
The next and third habit I want to talk
about is your bag. I used to always wear
a crossbody bag which was very
practical. I understand especially when
we are on holidays right it's very
practical to have it crossbody but if
it's not
necessary try to use a small purse on
your shoulder when I changed to use a
smaller purse on my shoulder I started
also to move more gracefully I started
to feel more comfortable because when I
have a big bag like a tote bag always
with me or a cross body bag that is
heavy heavy. It has a lot of weight to
carry. It doesn't only make me move in a
different way. It also makes my body
more tense. And when your body is tense,
you're also moving tense and you're not
feeling that comfortable. Most
comfortable actually I feel when I don't
have a bag at all. But of course, it's a
cute assess. It's something that gives
that touch to the outfits and also I
need my bag for my lip gloss, my phone,
my phone holder, my purse, like
essentials. But if it's too heavy, if
it's too big, if it's many different
things that I'm carrying at once in my
arms, it doesn't make me feel feminine.
I'm getting irritated so quickly. your
body is going to be tense and you're not
moving in a soft and graceful way. And
also when your body is tense, you cannot
feel that feminine. It's just impossible
to feel soft and feminine when your body
feels tense. So what helps me is to take
bags that I can carry on my shoulder.
The thing with the small bags that I
carry in my hands, if I have like a
matcha to carry with me and then I have
the bag in my hand, I don't have a
handfree. And this also makes me feel
tense. So try to switch to a small bag.
Don't make it too heavy. Just put your
essentials in there and then carry it on
your shoulder. This will make you
instantly feel more feminine, make you
move more graceful and feminine, and
also improves your posture and the way
you look at yourself in the mirror. The
next habit I want to talk about is
saying thank you instead of sorry. How
often have you said, "I'm so sorry I'm
late. I'm so sorry I forgot about our
appointment. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry." But sorry makes you
always feel like you did something wrong
and you make yourself smaller by simply
saying sorry. Say instead thank you.
Thank you for your patience. Thank you
for your understanding. Thank you for
being so kind with me while I'm being so
stressed for example. Or thank you for
staying with me through these hard times
instead of saying sorry I'm feeling so
bad. Sorry, I'm going through hard times
right now. Always try to switch your
sorry into a thank you. It's a soft and
confident shift that will put you into
your feminine energy and also makes you
more confident instantly because you
don't make yourself smaller and you're
actually appreciating what has happened
with you. You are being kind to yourself
by not making yourself down. We all run
late sometimes. We all go through things
sometimes. We all are having bad days.
We all forget things. Why do we need to
be so harsh on ourselves and make
ourselves even worse when we can be
understanding with ourselves first,
which is like I understand I am not
perfect. I make mistakes but I am
graceful with myself. That's why I'm not
saying I'm sorry to everything. I am
saying thank you for dur as I explained.
The next habit is drinking water out of
a glass instead out of a bottle. I don't
know why. Like literally I have no
explanation to that, but I feel so much
more soft and feminine when I drink out
of a glass than out of a plastic bottle.
Maybe it's the way you drink slower when
you are drinking from a glass or it's
the way you're jugging the water. But
alone, the process of pouring water into
the glass then taking the glass and
drinking the water from the glass makes
me be more mindful of the moment of the
glass of the water that I'm drinking.
And it's not just something I do in the
rush to chug water down because I'm
literally starving from first. No, you
are feeling more in the present moment.
You're feeling like nurturing your body
when you're drinking water from a glass.
It's not very feminine when you're
waiting to starve yourself and then eat
like an animal or drink like an animal.
That's why when you're pouring it into a
glass and you drink it slowly, it just
makes you feel more feminine. But I'm
curious if that's for everyone. I can't
wait to hear your experiences with that
and how you feel differently. But for
me, it literally changes the moment. The
next habit you can do to instantly feel
more feminine is wearing small cute
jewelry every day. Like if you wear a
necklace, if you wear some bracelet, if
you wear some earrings or like a bigger
bracelet, it doesn't need to be a lot,
but this small
touches makes me feel more feminine.
When I look in the mirror and I see
something sparkling between my hair or
on my neck when the sun is shining, it
makes me happy. The next habit is
wearing flowy dresses or flowy skirts.
Like literally, when I'm wearing
something flowy, it makes me feel
feminine. When I'm wearing something
tight, compressed, something that I have
to adjust all the time, I don't feel
feminine because my body is tensing up.
My mind is thinking about if it sits
perfectly. I cannot move freely. I can
only sit like this stiff or move stiff
so that nothing shows. If you wear
something flowy that fits perfectly on
your body or is even a bit more loose,
it gives you a relief of your mind. And
when your mind is free, your mind is
relieved from little unnecessary things
you don't have to think about all the
time. You feel more feminine. You are in
the present moment and you can allow
yourself to be in that moment without
being stuck here. The next habit you can
do to feel more feminine and also to
feel more happy in the daily is to smile
more. When you are smiling, literally
your muscles are pushing your cheeks up.
And to be honest, the more I'm smiling,
the more I feel my cheek muscles go up
and be engaged, the more happy I feel,
the more relaxed I feel. When I feel
relaxed, I feel feminine. So, what you
can do is to simply smile more. Smile at
strangers. Smile when you go into the
coffee. Say, "Hello, how are you today?"
Be kind and smile. It's such a game
changer. I promise you when you walk
through your day with a smile, it will
make a change. It will make a change in
how you feel. It will make a change in
how people approach you. When people
approach you in a nice and friendly way,
you will feel more happy. You will feel
more feminine. And it's a ripple effect.
You can only feel better. So even if you
don't know if it really makes you feel
more feminine, if it makes you feel
anything better, if it's 1%, it's
already a game changer for the day. The
next small habit that I use when I'm
feeling overworked, when I'm feeling
stressed, I have always a small hand
cream in my bag. Let me show you. That
is literally a tester. You can get it in
any shop. And I use it on my hands when
I feel stressed, when I feel overworked,
when I feel too much in my head. It
doesn't take more than 10 seconds. And
it makes you feel more soft. It makes
your hands feel moistured. And you also
have the scent of that hand cream in
your nose, which also makes you feel
more relaxed, makes you feel more
feminine and more soft. And you can do
this while you're being endless
stressed, while you're being working,
while you're being a boss girl, while
you are being a mom, a boss, and
everything at once. You can do that 10
seconds. Even if it's after going to the
washroom, use a hand cream and then
massage your hands. Like literally once
I start doing that, I really go into my
sand mode and I relax. I take some
seconds off release my brain from all
the thoughts before I go back to work,
back to editing, back to my daily
schedule, back to whatever I did. The
next habit that will make you instantly
feel more feminine is to have a clean
home. When my home is not clean, it's in
full chaos. I cannot relax. And again,
when I cannot relax, I cannot feel
feminine. I cannot feel soft when dirt
is all around my home. In my home,
nobody gets in with shoes. I clean every
day with the vacuum cleaner. I clean
once a week or twice a week wet. And I
change my bed sheets regularly. I keep
fresh flowers on the table. I prioritize
cleanliness and organization as much as
possible because that's what really
makes me feel good at home. That's what
makes me relax. When it's smelling good
in my home, I burn some candles. I burn
some scent sticks just to make the
energy at home feel clean. Also, what I
can recommend you is palos santos. Use
Palos Santos at home. It's like a wood
stick and you burn it and then you go
around your home and spread the scent
around. It's such a clean smell and it
makes me feel feminine. It makes me feel
good instantly. When I am overwhelmed,
when I am overworked, when I'm just not
feeling my best, I'm burning some palos
santos going around the home creating a
clean and organized home, and I feel
instantly more feminine. Another habit
that will make you feel more feminine
instantly is a quick stretch. Of course,
you cannot go at any moment do a full
body stretch. But what you can do is to
give yourself a neck stretch. Here is
where most of our tension stress is kind
of deposited. It stays here and it
creates tension in our muscles. So when
we release the tension of our muscles
with easy stretches you can do
everywhere anywhere at any time in your
day you release not only tension of your
muscles you release literally tension
and stress of your body of your mind you
release tension in general. So what I do
is I go to the right and hold on my left
side. I go to the left and hold on my
right side. Sometimes I also massage
myself and I hold there. I turn my head.
This is the best. Turn from left to
right. Honestly, I could do this for
hours because it feels so good. But I do
this mostly when I'm editing for long
time and I'm so much in my head. I have
more ideas. I have more things to do.
Then I start
to take a deep breather and I start to
stretch my neck to release the tension
and to give myself a quick reconnection
with my feminine energy. Now the
probably most important point and habit
to feel instantly more feminine is to
always tell yourself what is not mine is
not for me to bother. So many times we
are being bothered. We are getting
annoyed. We are getting frustrated in
the daily about things that are not ours
to be bothered or frustrated about. What
I mean by that is for example you go to
the bakery and the woman who is giving
you your fresh bread is being in a bad
mood is giving you attitude is not very
friendly to you. You don't need to be
bothered about that. So many times we
catch ourselves then thinking why did
she do that? How unfriendly
unprofessional? How can she do that? How
can she say that? But we have to always
remember that this is not ours to
bother. Like literally, we don't know
what she's going through. Maybe she has
a really bad day. Maybe she has a really
difficult week. Maybe something really
bad happened to her. And maybe not.
Maybe she's just not happy with herself.
But it's not ours to bother. It's not
ours to be frustrated about. It's not
anything we can do about but be happy
with ourselves that we are not in a bad
mood that we are not giving attitude to
anyone. There are so many situations
where we are trying to be in control of
where we are trying to change the
situation and trying to fight our case.
It's not ours to bo be bothered and
frustrated about.
Our task is to stay calm, to stay in the
moment, accept what has happened and
it's not to change. The next and last
habit that will instantly make you feel
more feminine is to not be so reactive
to your emotions, especially angry
emotions, frustration, and so on. I have
to learn to distance myself from these
emotions and learn to express how I feel
without being reactive. For example, if
someone is being disrespectful to me, I
can either be angry, start shouting or
you can express your emotions like I
feel hurt. The way you speak to me is
not very respectful and I do not accept
that. This is expressing how you feel
without being reactive. And if you learn
that it will give you first of all
confidence and second of all will make
you feel feminine. If you are
communicating in a feminine way about
how you feel, there is nothing more
attractive. If you are learning how to
express your emotions without being
reactive to it, you won half the game.
Like you can deal with everything and
anything in your life because also be
aware that your emotions are like the
gasoline in a car for your
manifestations. When you're being
emotional, you are charging your
manifestations. So, be careful and use
it wisely. Be emotional. Express your
emotions without being reactive. Two
different ways of expressing how you
feel and not swallowing down your
emotions. Anyways guys, thank you so
much for watching. I hope I could help
you to find ways to feel more feminine
instantly, even when the day is busy. I
love you so, so much, and I see you in
my next video. Bye-bye.